Update readme's, examples, and dev-docs. (#16)
rancher/Rancher-Plugin-gMSA: docs/testing/developer-smoke-test-cases.md

    + As a reference, the Rancher gMSA Plugin GUID is `{e4781092-f116-4b79-b55e-28eb6a224e26}`. You must ensure that the value is wrapped in curly braces, otherwise CCG will not invoke the plugin.
    + As a reference, the Rancher gMSA Plugin DLL expects a `PluginInput` format of `<ACCOUNT_PROVIDER_NAMESPACE>:<SECRET>`, where `ACCOUNT_PROVIDER_NAMESPACE` is a namespace containing an Account Provider deployment. 
  + Ensure that the GMSACredentialSpec object specifies the GUID and SID of the _domain_ and **not** the GMSA account. 

>   + Ensure that a `ClusterRole` or `Role` that provides the `use` verb on he `GMSACredentialSpec` resource has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Ensure that a `ClusterRole` or `Role` that provides the `use` verb on the `GMSACredentialSpec` resource has been created.
```

>   + Ensure that a `ClusterRoleBinding` has been created which will allow the service accounts ued in testing the ability to get all `GMSACredentialSpec` resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Ensure that a `ClusterRole` or `Role` that provides the `use` verb on the `GMSACredentialSpec` resource has been created.
  + Ensure a `ClusterRoleBinding` or `RoleBinding` has been created that references the `ClusterRole` or `Role` referenced in the previous step and is bound to the service accounts tied to your test workloads.
```

+ Clusters interacting with **multiple** Active Directory instances at once

## Create a `ClusterRoleBinding` for your service account

In order to test the Account Provider you must first install the GMSA Web-hook, which will expand the contents of `GMSACredentialSpec` resources onto pods. This chart will deploy a purpose built `ClusterRole` which permits access to all `GMSACredentialSpec` resources. However, the default `ClusterRoleBinding` deployed by the GMSA Web-hook chart only grants access to these resources to the service account used by the GMSA web-hook. In order to create workloads which utilize a `GMSACredentialSpec`, but run under a different service account, an additional `ClusterRoleBinding` needs to be created. 

```yaml 
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: <CLUSTER_ROLE_BINDING_NAME>
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: rancher-windows-gmsa # This is automatically created when the GMSA Web-hook chart is installed 
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: <SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME>
    namespace: <SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAMESPACE>

> ```

Reviewer: I don't like the approach of using the ClusterRole we added into the GMSA Webhook deployment that was intended to only be used by the GMSA Webhook Deployment.

We should tell a developer to create the Role, RoleBinding, and GMSACredentialSpec all in one shot along with their sample workload instead of just binding their workload to the one that allows their workload to use all specs, since that more accurately mirrors what users would do.

+ Clusters with 1 or more Windows workers interacting with **multiple** domains at once, either joined or un-joined
+ Clusters interacting with **multiple** Active Directory instances at once

## Configure RBAC for your service account

> In order to test the Account Provider you must first install the GMSA Web-hook, which will provide the `GMSACredentialSpec` CRD  expand the contents of the resource onto pods. The web-hook chart will deploy a purpose built `ClusterRole` which permits access to all `GMSACredentialSpec` resources. However, the default `ClusterRoleBinding` deployed by the GMSA Web-hook chart only grants access to these resources to the service account used by the GMSA web-hook. In order to create workloads which utilize a `GMSACredentialSpec`, but run under a different service account, an additional `Role` and `RoleBinding` needs to be created for the service account you intend to use for testing.

Reviewer: For now, this is fine, but I think we should just refactor this developer-smoke-test-cases document to just reference https://github.com/rancher/windows/blob/main/docs/terraform/gmsa/environment_setup.md.

We don't want to have two different documented developer workflows for provisioning gMSA setups.
